[IMP] MRP: kit product types (#12177)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/management/kit_shipping.rst

Create the kit as a product
===========================

To use a kit as a sellable product, or as a component organization tool, the kit should first be
created as a product.

To create a kit product, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Products`, and then
click :guilabel:`New`.

Then, assign a name to the new kit product. Next, under the :guilabel:`General Information` tab, set
the :guilabel:`Product Type` to either :guilabel:`Consumable` or :guilabel:`Storable` depending on
how the business functions. See the lists below for a comparison between consumable and storable
kits.

The kit's components must also be configured as products via :menuselection:`Inventory app -->
Products --> Products`. These components require no specific configuration.

Consumable kit setup details
----------------------------

Consumable products will not have inventory tracking since they are expected to be *consumed* in a short
period of time. Consider setting the kit as a consumable product when the kit is used in other
manufacturing processes or when tracking inventory for the kit itself is not needed.

> * This setup should be used for Continental Accounting.

Reviewer: Let's give some more depth (:
```suggestion
* Recommended for Continental Accounting, where costs are expensed immediately upon purchase.
```

> * Kits cannot be sold once out of stock, as they are not tracked.
> * Routes for the individual components are used for replenishment.

Reviewer: While these are true, they don't explain the "why". I didn't expect you to know this, so here's a modified version with some context (:

```suggestion
* **Replenishment via Components** – Inventory count is managed at the component level, so reordering rules must be set to individual components.
* **Selling & Stock Constraints** – Kits cannot be sold if any required component is out of stock. Since availability depends on individual components, a sales order may appear valid, but delivery can be delayed if components are unavailable.
```

Storable kit setup details
--------------------------

Storable products will have detailed tracking and inventory management since they are expected to be
*stored* once they are created. Consider setting the kit as a storable product when the kit is a
tangible product or warehouse and inventory tracking is essential.

* Use this setup for Anglo-Saxon Accounting to record Cost of Goods Sold (COGS) in journals.
* Only the kit's minimum required components can be added to an **eCommerce** cart unless the option
  to :doc:`continue selling<../../../websites/ecommerce/managing_products/products>` is disabled.
* Serial number tracking will not track the kit, only its shipped components.
* Reordering rules should be set at the component-level.

> * Stock replenishment should also be done at the component-level.

Reviewer: this content is detailed! If the above suggestion is accepted, let's also format these bullet points the same way. The last two bullet points can be combined into a single bullet point about replenishment.
